What a great trick, Mr. Song.
If something happens to Mr. Wu,
the emperor will think that the Dou family
hurt someone out of ambition
and political differences!
I can be the witness
to what happened here today.
Song Mo trespassed on the Dou Residence.
He threatened the official with a knife
and stopped people from saving lives.
Even if this matter comes before
His Majesty, this will be the truth.
It's lively.
Seems like
you're doing a sword performance
to add to the fun.
Old Madam Cui, good day.
I just spent some time
to chat with my mother.
What's going on?
Dou Zhao refused to let anyone
send Mr. Wu to the physician.
She wanted to treat Mr. Wu.
Mr. Song.
Cope with things slowly
and it will be satisfactorily resolved.
The Duke of Ding is loyal.
But you overstepped your authority
and searched the residence
to silence your political opponents.
You'll only harm your uncle
at this juncture.
You've got to know
what's right and what's wrong.
Old Madam Cui.
Although I can't bring this to court,
I've seen it clearly.
I apologize for disturbing you.
Step aside.
Mr. Dai, you came from afar.
I'm sorry for not
welcoming you at the door.
If you could do me a favor,
I'd be very grateful.
Since you said so,
I will not pursue what happened today.
Step down.
I made it!
He's awake!
De Zhen!
The physician is here! Hurry up!
Lung abscess will cause blood stasis.
Luckily, you forced out the blood stasis.
Otherwise, he might die.
Old Madam, the young master is fine.
I'm going to cook balloon flower
with ginseng for him now.
Follow me.
Thank you, Young Lady Zhao,
for saving my life.
Mr. Wu, there's no need for this.
We should be responsible too.
We will prepare tonics and
deliver them to your residence.
A lung abscess is a dangerous condition.
You mustn't take it lightly.
Take good care of yourself.
De Zhen, it's true that she saved you.
But this may not be an accident.
Young Lady Zhao must know the truth.
Yan Tang,
look what you're saying.
I got this when I went to help
with the disaster relief.
I didn't even tell my grandfather.
Moreover, no one knew the swallowtail
butterflies would cause a disturbance.
Young Lady Zhao,
Yan Tang has agitated you.
I apologize on his behalf.
Young Lady Zhao, you disregarded
societal prejudices
and saved my life.
I couldn't have done more to repay you.
-I can only…
-Mr. Wu, stop talking for now.
Get well soon.
We can't keep this from Old Mr. Wu.
I'll take you back to the capital.
Su Xin, Su Lan.
-Lu Zheng, Lu Ming, go.
-Yes.
Fortunately, Mr. Wu is fine.
Mr. Song, you should be relieved.
When Mr. Wu gets well,
the misunderstanding will be resolved.
Quickly take Mr. Wu to
the guest room to take medicine.
That's a very nice embroidery.
Tell me. What is this?
It's a tiger charm.
Is it just a tiger charm?
I ignored ethics and saved Mr. Wu.
You should know that
I have nothing to hide.
You're lying.
You owe me an explanation.
ADAPTED FROM THE NOVEL BLOSSOM
BY AUTHOR ZIZI FROM QIDIAN CHINESE WEBSITE
CUI'S RESIDENCE
Watch out for the steps.
It's good that Mr. Wu is fine.
Mr. Wu suffered from heat stroke.
He's fine now.
-Stay here.
-Goodbye.
Fortunately, nothing serious happened
and the Wei family didn't see it.
Zhao is really…
Sister, I know that
Young Lady Zhao likes me.
But she is unrefined.
From now on, don't use
Chenxin Paper or Zijin Inkstone.
Sell all your books.
If you can do this,
we can call off the marriage.
You can't bear it when I
talk about your precious stuff.
Do you know how hard
it is for me to support the family now?
You don't know this.
Her dowry is worth a lot!
Wealth is not important.
Marriage is about two people being happy.
Right now, only she likes me.
How can this be done?
The first wife is for the family.
If you want to marry someone whom
you love, you can take a concubine.
But don't even think about
Young Lady Ming.
Her maternal grandfather is Wang Xing Yi.
You've seen how smart Wang Ying Xue is.
Your title is prominent but false.
You have no fame or official position.
Fame and official positions are vulgar.
It's fine not to seek fame and fortune.
All right, all right. Whatever you decide.
I'll treat it like marrying
a ball of cotton to plug my ears
lest you nag at me every day.
When I got this from Mr. Wu,
it was filled with the fragrance
of a silk tree flower.
Silk tree flower?
As far as I know,
there are no silk tree flowers around.
It's even less likely that there's
any pollen from them.
That's right.
I figured it out after consideration.
You soaked the tiger charm in
the silk tree flower dew in advance.
So it would retain
its aroma without pollen.
The sun shone during the day.
The borneol in the charm removed
the smell and diffused the fragrance.
In less than two hours,
the smell was gone.
Fortunately, Song Mo only
had a background in the military.
He didn't know about
the tricks in this family.
Otherwise, it would be a disaster for us!
This is just baseless speculation.
I advise you to be careful
with your words.
Back then, you ate ephedra
but you framed me.
And now, you've bewitched Mr. Wu
by swapping the tiger charm
with Wei Ting Yu.
Let me tell you, it is useless.
You're destined to marry Wei Ting Yu.
I'm not going to marry Wei Ting Yu.
The parents will decide your marriage.
It's not up to you.
Wu Shan is my father's student.
He is the good son-in-law
I selected for Ming.
Don't even think about takng him.
Mrs. Wei came today
to discuss your marriage with Wei Ting Yu.
If I don't make you marry
into the Wei family,
as the mother, I'll feel guilty.
You're very shrewd.
Feeling better?
Young Lady Zhao saved my life.
You shouldn't doubt her.
Did I say I doubted her?
Had you not doubted her,
you wouldn't have made such a big fuss.
Dou Shi Shu is ambitious
while Dou Shi Ying
is uninterested in power.
He is credulous.
But Wang Ying Xue is pretentious
and has an evil heart.
She is probably the cause of your illness.
But from her reaction,
she didn't want this disgraceful incident
to happen to you and Young Lady Zhao.
As for Young Lady Zhao…
What about Young Lady Zhao?
I can see that she is different
from the rest of the Dou family.
I don't know why she hurt you by mistake.
She was sincere in saving you
despite criticism.
But she still chose
to cover up for the family.
Do you mean that
Young Lady Zhao also has feelings for me?
If that's the case,
it's my fortune.
What I meant is
the Dou family has a lot of tricks.
A simple-minded person like you
can't handle it.
How could I not know
the filth in this wealthy family?
But I'm different from you.
You're experienced on the battlefield.
Everyone looks like a bad guy to you.
Young Lady Zhao is astute.
She's a good match.
You've got a thick head.
You don't seem to get it.
You sound like you know
Young Lady Zhao better than me.
Could it be that
you secretly investigated her?
I'll take that as a yes.
Just now, you pulled me away
and didn't let me talk.
I haven't…
You're still coughing. You should
talk less with a lung abscess.
I think Young Lady Zhao
doesn't have good skills.
I'll get the imperial physician
to check on you later.
DUKE OF YING'S RESIDENCE
Sleeve length, one foot and eight inches.
Shoulder width, one and a half feet.
The shoulders are wider.
I need to alter the cloak.
Luckily, you stopped him.
Otherwise, De Zhen would have gone
to ask for marriage to repay the favor.
You may leave.
The Dou family's trick is disgusting.
Old Mr. Wu won't let De Zhen
do as he wishes for his marriage.
We would rather offend
a gentleman than a villain.
The Dou family,
especially Dou Shi Shu, is evil.
He will definitely hurt someone.
Fortunately, the Dou residence
is far from the estate.
Madam Wang is also hostile to Dou Zhao.
Dou Shi Shu is hypocritical
and greedy for power.
Dou Zhao is smart and resourceful.
If they're of the same mind,
then we'll be in big trouble.
I heard she had no parents
to protect her since she was a child.
She must have had a difficult life.
So it's normal for her to be sensitive,
thoughtful, alert, and resourceful.
General Song!
General Song,
General Yan sent a message saying
that Dou Zhao has nothing
to do with the butterfly incident.
I got it right.
Although taking the waterway is slow,
I expect my brother
will reach the capital soon.
Mother.
You have urinary issues and
you always feel dizzy and nauseous.
Leave this needlework to the servants.
Are you calling my needlework poor?
Come here.
It's been years
since I altered your clothes.
I've made summer outfits
for your brother and you.
You can wear them
when you return to Futing.
Mother, Brother!
Mrs. Song, Young Master Han
brought your medicine.
Brother, you finally came home.
But you only spent time with Mother.
You didn't talk to me.
Mother said you like broiled venison.
I plan to bring you a deer tomorrow.
All right. If I can
have the venison you catch,
I'll ask Father
to take you to Futing next year
to join the military.
It's a promise. Do not break it.
You can arrange the prayer session now.
We should inform our ancestors
about Dou Zhao's marriage.
Father, Uncle Shi Shu.
I don't want to get married.
Shou Gu.
The current political situation
is unstable.
This can be seen from what Song Mo did.
I'm worried that I can't protect you.
You're strong,
but you're a woman after all.
If anything happens to the family,
at least you have a husband
who can protect you.
I don't need anyone's protection!
All these years, I've studied hard,
bought property, and made money
because I don't want to rely on anyone.
I can protect myself.
Do you think money can buy you
permanent stability?
I told you before.
If a woman delays
her marriage for too long,
she will definitely come up
with some deviant thoughts.
Had I known this,
I would have tied her to the bridal sedan.
Even if you tie me up,
I will never marry Wei Ting Yu!
-Shou Gu…
-Darn you!
We haven't had a chance to talk
to you about the things you've done.
You ignored your reputation.
Have you considered our family's?
Shi Shu, what are you doing?
Let's talk this over. Why did you hit her?
Shou Gu.
It's been so many years.
You haven't changed at all, Father.
I am your daughter.
Why does Uncle Shi Shu have
the final say in my marriage?
You scoundrel. Get out of my way.
-Shi Shu!
-Don't stop me!
-Shi Shu, stop hitting her.
-Get out of my way!
-Shi Shu!
-Enough!
-Mother.
Get up.
Are you all right?
Marriage is a matter of
joy and sorrow in Shou Gu's life.
How could you decide just like that?
Do you treat her
like an item in a pawn shop?
What kind of person is Wei Ting Yu?
He frequents the brothel and
has a lot of women in his residence.
He will definitely lose
his fortune sooner or later.
Whoever arranged for this marriage
should go and cancel it.
Mother, neither Shi Shu nor I wanted this.
So what if we wanted that?
Mother, I am now
the head of the Dou family.
An unmarried daughter should
follow what her father says.
It is fundamental that
the wife should follow the husband.
Women are born to bear children,
care for their husbands,
and raise the children.
People say that
a father is the guide for his son.
If the father is unkind,
the son will leave him.
A husband is the guide for his wife.
If the husband isn't kind,
the wife can remarry.
No one has ever said that
women should be forced to obey.
You…
Grandma, don't get mad.
Let's go.
Mother, you were at odds with father,
so you were lonely and resentful.
Is that why you raised Dou Zhao
to harm the family?
The fire is burning.
All it needs is the hot oil.
What did you say?
-Shi Shu, please stop talking.
-Mother-in-law.
Mother-in-law.
Don't get them wrong.
Shi Ying did that for the family.
When you distributed food
for disaster relief,
Shi Ying went to the imperial court
and requested
a commendation order for you.
He wanted to present it to you
at the family dinner
to show his filial piety.
COMMENDATION ORDER
You went to get the award
just to coax me
into letting Shou Gu
getting married, right?
Yet I thought
you cared about me.
Mother.
I've missed you, really.
I didn't intend to coax you.
That's right.
Shi Ying really wanted to
take you and Zhao home
to enjoy family happiness.
Do you think that by coming here,
Dou Zhao is at your mercy?
Listen.
As long as I am still alive,
Shou Gu will live with me at the estate.
If the Wei family dares to
come and propose a marriage,
I'll see if they can get through
the door of the estate.
Mother!
Mother-in-law!
-Mother!
-I didn't mean that.
She's ignorant.
This is pissing me off.
Mother-in-law!
Shi Ying and I didn't mean that.
Mother-in-law, don't take it to heart.
Don't let it affect your health.
You killed my mother back then.
You took my family away
and you even hurt me.
I didn't argue with you.
Since I have returned to the estate,
I have never fought with you.
As long as you don't get married,
as your father's wife, I will be uneasy.
My grandmother is
the most important person to me.
If you dare to set me up again
and make her sad,
you're going to get it from me.
Shou Gu, come here!
Don't waste your time with her!
Does it hurt?
It doesn't hurt anymore when you touch it.
I forgot to hit him back for you.
He talks about ethics and benevolence,
but he does bad things.
How like his animal of a father, Dou Duo.
Grandma, you never
wanted to talk about Grandpa.
What really happened back then?
I won't let you follow the path
I went through.
Dou Duo and I
are the best example of a bad marriage
based on parental orders.
The marriage ruined my life.
It also ruined Tuo Niang's life.
Tuo Niang?
Isn't Tuo Niang my mom's personal maid?
Why did you say you hurt her?
Tuo Niang was the maid I brought
from my family.
Dou Duo was lewd and lustful.
Not only did he have concubines,
he didn't even spare
the family members and servants.
I took care of a lot of his messes.
I didn't expect that
he even hurt Tuo Niang,
who was already engaged.
I knocked Dou Duo out with a bottle
and saved Tuo Niang.
In the Dou family,
no one reprimanded Dou Duo
for his lewdness and violence.
But they scolded me
for hurting my husband.
They said I committed the seven offenses
and deserved a divorce.
But they didn't dare to offend
the prominent Cui family.
That's why they sent me to the estate
and regarded me as an abandoned wife.
You seriously injured Father.
You've disgraced the family!
You're unethical and immoral.
It's all right not to have
a vicious mother like you!
Leave now!
Close the door!
I didn't care about
what they said and did.
But my real son
avoided me like
I was a snake or a scorpion.
He accused me of
being unworthy of being a mother.
No wonder you've never wanted to
take the surname "Dou".
You have been avoiding Dou's Residence.
This is not a family.
They don't deserve to be a family.
So Grandma,
it's not worth feeling sad for them.
Let's forget about this family.
We'll be together
with Zhang Ru and An Su.
The estate is our real home.
You're good with words.
You know how to make me feel good.
Look at me!
You got it on my face!
I'm sorry to make an unexpected visit.
-I'm sorry.
-It's all right.
-Su Su, let's go.
-Let's go.
Zhang Ru!
Do you want to stay here for dinner?
I'll cook a chicken for you. Let's go.
Let's go.
I'd better go to
the house and wait for you.
It's all right.
You must have something urgent
since you came all the way here.
You can just tell me.
I don't mind.
-Leave.
-Yes.
I thought
you would follow your father
and move to the capital.
But when I went to Dou's Residence,
I didn't see you.
I…
So I rushed over.
During the Dragon Boat Festival,
to save me, you…
Took off…
You took off my clothes.
There is no gender distinction
when saving someone.
I would do the same for
the sick old farmer at the estate.
Mr. Wu, don't take it to heart.
You're easygoing and open-minded.
But as a man,
I can't sit back and see
your reputation damaged.
I should be responsible.
I am also willing to do so.
I will tell the Wei family
to cancel the engagement
and ask the matchmaker to
perform the formal proposal
to marry you.
Mr. Wu.
You and I have only
met three times before.
How can you base your marriage decision
on these three occasions?
You treat me well,
so I will also tell you the truth.
Whether it's Wei Ting Yu or you,
I won't marry.
It's triple.
So the total is nine taels of silver.
Give it to me.
He really came
to ask for a hand in marriage.
Why isn't there a Wu
who wants to be responsible for me?
All right, all right.
I'll be responsible for you.
Let's go.
I'm fascinated by your temperament.
I miss you all the time.
I thought
we have a good rapport.
Besides, you and I don't
have the same family backgrounds.
I don't care about family background!
Family background
cannot change one's wishes,
but it can trap a person's lifestyle.
Li Yi Shan once said that
washing one's feet in the spring
and sipping tea while admiring flowers
are indecent actions
that ruin the scenery.
But I do that every day.
I feel happy and comfortable.
But this kind of happiness
is not allowed by
those prestigious families.
I understand. I really do.
I haven't had it before,
so I yearn for it even more.
The infinite glory
of the prestigious families
is a prison for me.
Love, marriage, and fame
are burdens.
I don't want to be a virtuous woman.
I only wish to sit in the breeze,
hold the wine
and enjoy it.
I understand.
Since I love your temperament,
I will try my best to protect you.
I will never let those shackles hurt you.
I know
how you feel.
But your grandfather transferred you to
be the officer of the Ministry of Rites.
Did he advise you about this?
You can't even take care of yourself.
How can you think about protecting others?
I hope that you will
always be in good health
and have a prosperous career.
We probably won't meet again.
Young Lady Zhao!
I made this myself.
It's not just a thank-you gift.
It's also my reply.
Please accept it.
"We'll share a mutual sensibility
and love together."
"I dare to prove my sincerity."
I'm not good at writing or reciting poems.
But this is one tough guy.
That's a good couplet.
Unfortunately,
it was for the wrong person.
Shou Gu,
aren't you even a little moved?
Love is about what we want.
Stop making Zhao sad.
A woman will never get away
with it once her heart is tempted.
The price of temptation
is too great.
I noticed before that his hands
were thick with calluses.
He must be very good at woodcrafting.
But he never mentions
a word about this in front of outsiders.
Woodcrafting is a humble task.
Even though he likes it,
he has to hide it.
My ladies!
Young Lady Ming
sent someone from the capital
to deliver homemade glutinous rice balls.
There are fillings with meat…
Sesame paste…
and sweetened bean paste.
She's attentive.
"On the eve of the 15th,
the moon shines brightly."
"I miss Grandma and Zhao very much."
"That's why I made glutinous
rice balls and sent them over."
"I hope you enjoy them."
"Although it's not the Lantern Festival,
I wish people could reunite
with their loved ones."
"I hope you can come to the capital soon
and the family will reunite."
"From Ming."
Wang Ying Xue doesn't want you
to return to the capital.
But she's not of the same mind
as her mother.
She hopes you will return.
I wonder if it's real.
After experiencing all these things
rejecting marriage with Wei Ting Yu,
and meeting Wu Shan,
Wang Ying Xue was getting harsher.
But Dou Ming is not
as hypocritical as I thought.
Whatever it is,
Zhao's only home is here
We're her family, right?
That's right.
The Marquis of Jining has returned a gift.
He sent brushes and inkstones
to Seventh Master and Fifth Master.
He knows you love
calligraphy and painting,
so he sent this Yuban Xuan paper.
This paper is harder than the usual ones.
It's not made of sandalwood bark.
It's the bark of silkworm thorn.
If this branch grows on a tree,
it can protect someone from wind and rain.
The fruits can satisfy one's hunger.
The bark of silkworm thorn
can also be made into paper.
They have different usages.
How can you compare them?
The same is true for humans.
What's wrong with
the bark of silkworm thorn?
Nothing.
My father loves to write books.
He uses a lot of paper.
Send them to my father.
All right.
-Hurry up!
-All right.
Remember everything I told you.
-Yes.
-Mr. Wu.
-Mr. Dou?
For the past two days, the Office
of Transmission and the Six Ministries
refuted my memorials.
I had no choice but to send them here.
The Grand Secretariat is virtuous.
Mr. Dou, don't bother.
MEMORIALS
For Ying Xue and Shi Ying's sake,
I have a message for you.
"There is no path in the world
more treacherous than greed.
Many people have misplaced
their lives because of it."
ADMIRING THE LOFTY MOUNTAINS
Mother.
Yan Tang.
Uncle's boat will arrive today.
Gu Yu and I will go and pick him up.
You're going to pick up your uncle.
You can't disgrace the Jiangs.
Rest assured.
I've taken care of everything
in the court.
I promise Uncle Mei Sun will be fine.
Maybe after meeting
His Majesty during the day,
we can reunite in the evening.
The impeachment memorials
were handed over.
It's a good thing to have
His Majesty and your uncle
meet and catch up on old times
at this time.
The Dou family did that.
How could you still believe
what Young Lady Zhao said
and prepare to present it to His Majesty?
Everyone is in the game.
Even if she treats me as a pawn,
I can still be in control.
Anyway, I know what to tell His Majesty.
It's damp in the boat.
I must change my uncle's dressing first.
Gu Yu, isn't that the sedan chair
used to pick up my uncle?
Stop.
It's empty!
Where's he?
Get out of the way.
-Sir, you can't come in.
-How dare you stop me?
Get out of the way!
-Get out of the way!
-Sir, you can't come in!
-You can't come in!
-Stop it!
-Mr. Gu.
WANG YUAN
We're working on a case.
Please don't obstruct the investigation.
Mr. Dai.
Eunuch Wang.
Why are you two here?
We have duties here.
Who is it over there? I'll go take a look.
Mr. Gu. You can't go.
I want to see it.
-Mr. Gu!
-Get out of the way!
-No!
Mr. Gu!
Uncle! Wake up, Uncle!
Uncle.
Uncle, wake up. Uncle.
Uncle!
Why?
How dare you disrupt the investigation?
Are you seeking death?
Get out of here!
General Song!
General Song.
The Jiying Guards
serve under the emperor's orders.
Anyone who interferes is like a traitor.
Please disembark with Mr. Gu.
The emperor's order is for you to safely
send the Duke of Ding to the capital
or bring his body home?
General Song, never speculate
on His Majesty's order.
The Duke of Ding was assassinated
by pirates last night in revenge.
The Jiying Guards
responsible for escorting him
couldn't save him
and lost their lives too.
The pirates of Dongyu Sea always
use their backhand to attack.
The knife edge will only
go from bottom to top,
wide at the front and narrow at the back.
It's completely different
from the one on the body.
Eunuch Wang, wouldn't you know that?
The pirates are cunning.
Maybe it was intentional.
Eunuch Wang!
The Duke of Ding is dead!
Tell the truth now!
The death of the Duke of Ding
was definitely not the fault
of the Criminal Investigation Service
or His Majesty's instruction.
It happened suddenly.
We haven't reported this to His Majesty.
Please return to your residence
and wait for the decree.
Once the Directorate of Ceremonial
investigates this,
we will know what happened.
Uncle.
Had I returned with you,
this wouldn't have happened.
This wouldn't be the case.
-And you still want me to wait!
-General Song!
Should I wait until my uncle is
falsely accused
or for the decree to execute
my whole family?
General Song, you must not be impulsive…
Get lost!
Yan Tang, what are you doing?
Since His Majesty doesn't know of this,
I'll take Eunuch Wang to report it to him!
-Yan Tang, calm down!
-General Song!
-Get out of the way!
General Song!
THE ORIGIN OF ALL BEGINNINGS
GRAND HIGH MYSTIC HALL
WAN MIN, THE EMPRESS
Wearing the proper clothing
to pray to God.
Solemn
and sincere.
Kneel. Bow.
Natural disasters are everywhere now.
The people are suffering.
This is my crime.
I hope that
the Heavenly Lord will protect us.
Bless my people.
Never do evil.
Be healthy every year.
Yan Tang!
This is a capital crime.
Have you thought about it?
If my life can keep my uncle's name clear
and the many lives in the Jiang family,
it's worth it!
-Back off! Don't come over!
-Get out of the way!
I want to see His Majesty!
-Song Mo?
He's one of us.
Gu Yu, he is looking for death.
Why not stop him
since you know it's a capital crime?
Aunt Min, this is an emergency.
Get out of the way!
If Your Majesty suspects the officer,
you will punish him.
If Your Majesty wanted
the Duke of Ding dead,
you could have offered him poisoned wine.
When an officer dies,
he will keep his dignity.
Why must Your Majesty
torture him all the way?
Even when he is dead,
Your Majesty used
the pirates' revenge as an excuse
to humiliate someone who
fought pirates for half his life!
I boldly ask Your Majesty
to make this clear.
I will never regret it.
No matter how serious the matter is,
there is no reason for you to do this.
Who… Who is dead?
Your Majesty.
Jiang Mei Sun, the Duke of Ding,
died unjustly in the boat's cabin
on the way back to the capital.
How could that happen?
I… I am still waiting for him.
I'm still waiting for him
to return and ask me questions!
Who is it?
Who was so bold to harm him?
Your Majesty…
This is my uncle's.
It's also a token
between Your Majesty and him.
He held it
in his hand until he died.
If there's truth behind this,
Your Majesty, please investigate it!
We're allies.
But General Yan,
you actually threatened me.
That's a different story then.
Your Majesty!
Arrest this treacherous
and unscrupulous man!
You're committing a capital crime.
If we don't get rid of the roots,
we'll be in big trouble.
MEDICAL ACTS AND DRUGS IN THIS DRAMA
ARE FICTIONAL. DO NOT IMITATE.